add info for new contributors (#3618)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: CONTRIBUTING.md

  Thinking about concrete user stories may help on that.
- Avoid to speak about keys and other hard to understand things in the primary UI.
- The app shall work offline as well as with bad network.
- Users do not read (much).
- Consistency matters.
- Offer only things that are highly useful to many people in primary UI.
  If really needed, bury other things eg. in some menus.
- The app should be for the many, not for the few.

## Contributing Code

The [README](./README.md) explains how to set up the build environment
If you run into troubles,
ask on one of the [communication channels](https://delta.chat/contribute) for help.

You can find more specific documentation in the docs folder, it is also linked from the readme.

To contribute code,
[open a Pull Request](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-ios/pulls).

If you have write access to the repository,
push a branch named `<username>/<feature>`
so it is clear who is responsible for the branch,
and open a PR proposing to merge the change.
Otherwise fork the repository and create a branch in your fork.

Please add a meaningful description to your PR
so that reviewers get an idea about what the modifications are supposed to do.

> 
> A meaningful PR title is helpful for [updating `CHANGELOG.md` on releases](./RELEASE.md)
> (CHANGELOG.md is updated manually
> to only add things that are at least roughly understandable by the end user)

Reviewer: in practise, the CHANGELOG needs to be  updated on every PR, no?

```suggestion
Add a meaningful line to CHANGELOG.md that is at least roughly understandable by the end user.
If you think, the PR is not needed to be mentioned in the CHANGELOG, add `#skip-changelog` to the PR description.
```
